Topic: The difficulty of the puzzles feels less overwhelming

    Feature:
        When starting a new game, there is a short, skippable introductory text regarding the task of the
        player in this game. See also the character feature.

    Feature:
        Maybe, the difficulty level should rise only on correct answers and, in turn, more difficult puzzles
        give more points?

    Feature:
        A static sequence of tutorial puzzles that can be accessed independently from the main game and
        that introduces the basic puzzle mechanics (and/or/xor combinations, counting, movements, overlays,
        colors, directions, ...) and actors (humans, servers, desks, ...) _step by step_.

    Feature:
        Puzzles get stripped of irrelevant information and randomization if not critical for estetical reasons
        (random heading and appearance of humans, random color and movement of presents, ...)

    Feature: The player can buy visual or textual hints for points while in a puzzle

    Feature:
        Use multi-tile objects (connected desks, cubicles, cupboard rows, room dividers, ...) for making large
        structures easier to perceive

    Feature:
        Raise the difficulty more fine-grained with the hardest current puzzles appearing only at the
        highest floors

    Feature:
        In the short term make it more clear that the puzzle always reveals the correct solution.
        In the long term don't reveal the correct solution and instead let the game give enough guidance
        that a normal player eventually can learn how to solve each puzzle.

Feature: Add "Go back" resp. "Continue" buttons to the highscore screen, credits screen, and title menu

Topic: The source code of the game is more reusable and maintainable

    Refactor: Extract combined alpha effect as tool from Office and OfficeBuildingFloor

    Refactor: Separate classes for title menu and pause menu

    Refactor: The generic game-engine tools are moved to a dedicated lib that can be reused by other JS games

Topic: The game feels and looks more organic and rich

    Feature: The offices in the array are slightly floating up and down

    Feature: There is a character explaining the game before it starts

    Feature: The character also tells you whether you succeeded or failed in a level

    Feature: Apply parallaxing to the background when the player moves to the next level.

    Feature: The clouds in the background are moving

    Feature: Use more "organic" velocity-curves for the movement of objects (instead of linear)
    
    Feature: A user selection triggers a sound effect according to whether it was correct